[enc][doc] Clarify R workaround. (#11650)
dmlc/xgboost: doc/tutorials/categorical.rst

the previous model or use the categories from the new training dataset if the input model
doesn't have the information.

> For R, the auto-recoding is not yet supported as of 3.0.4. To provide an example:

Author: ```suggestion
For R, the auto-recoding is not yet supported as of 3.1. To provide an example:
```
